[feat] Allow dependencies between partitions (#1481)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/tutorial_deps.rst

This call returns the actual test case of the dependency that has been executed.
This allows you to access any attribute from the target test, as we do in this example by accessing the target test's stage directory, which we use to construct the sourcesdir of the test.

For the next test we need to use the OSU benchmark binaries that we just built, so as to run the MPI ping-pong benchmark.
Here is the relevant part:

.. literalinclude:: ../tutorials/deps/osu_benchmarks.py
   :lines: 13-44

First, since we will have multiple similar benchmarks, we move all the common functionality to the :class:`OSUBenchmarkTestBase` base class.
Again nothing new here; we are going to use two nodes for the benchmark and we set :attr:`sourcesdir <reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.sourcesdir>` to ``None``, since none of the benchmark tests will use any additional resources.
Similar to before, we will define the dependencies with the the following line:

.. literalinclude:: ../tutorials/deps/osu_benchmarks.py
   :lines: 32

> Here we tell ReFrame that this test depends on a test named ``OSUBuildTest`` ``by_env``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we tell ReFrame that this test depends on a test named ``OSUBuildTest`` "by environment."
```

> This means that it will depend only on the instances of this test that have the same environment.

Reviewer: Don't use the term "instances." Our term is "test cases."

```suggestion
This means that the test cases of this test will depend on the test cases of the ``OSUBuildTest`` that use the same environment.
```

> The partition will be different in this case.

Reviewer: This and the sentence above are a bit hard to follow. Can you explain what you want to say?

Author: I just wanted to briefly explain what `by_env` means. They will have same environment but different partition.
